c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\WebShop.dll.config
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\WebShop.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\WebShop.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxThemes.v17.1.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\obj\Debug\WebShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\obj\Debug\WebShop.dll.licenses
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\obj\Debug\WebShop.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\obj\Debug\WebShop.pdb
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\WebShop.dll.config
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\WebShop.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\WebShop.pdb
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxThemes.v17.1.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.xml
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\obj\Debug\WebShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\obj\Debug\WebShop.dll.licenses
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\obj\Debug\WebShop.dll
D:\Bibliotecas\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebShop\WebShop\obj\Debug\WebShop.pdb
